Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/security-controls/key-management/operations/generation.md

AcraServer and AcraTranslator check this and will refuse to launch if access to the keys is not properly restricted.
{{< /hint >}}

{{< hint warning >}}

> `auth_key` is deprecated and will not be used after 0.90.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auth_key` is deprecated and will not be used since 0.91.0.
```

└── version
```

{{< hint warning >}}

> `authentication.keyring` is deprecated and will not be used after 0.90.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`authentication.keyring` is deprecated and will not be used since 0.91.0.
```
